CE 2.3: Update request-size-limiting plugin for new field that requires valid content-length-header (#2547)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-size-limiting/1.0.x.md

---
name: Request Size Limiting
publisher: Kong Inc.
version: 1.0.0

desc: Block requests with bodies greater than a specified size
description: |
  <div class="alert alert-warning">
    For security reasons we suggest enabling this plugin for any Service you add to Kong to prevent a DOS (Denial of Service) attack.
  </div>

  Block incoming requests whose body is greater than a specific size in megabytes.

type: plugin
categories:
  - traffic-control

kong_version_compatibility:
    community_edition:
      compatible:

>         - 2.2.x

Reviewer: Does this change to 2.3.x?

Author: No, this is an older version.

        - 2.1.x
        - 2.0.x
        - 1.5.x
        - 1.4.x
        - 1.3.x
        - 1.2.x
        - 1.1.x
        - 1.0.x
        - 0.14.x
        - 0.13.x
        - 0.12.x
        - 0.11.x
        - 0.10.x
        - 0.9.x
        - 0.8.x
        - 0.7.x
        - 0.6.x
        - 0.5.x
        - 0.4.x
        - 0.3.x
    enterprise_edition:
      compatible:

>         - 2.2.x

Reviewer: Should 2.3.x be added here?

Author: No

---
name: Request Size Limiting
publisher: Kong Inc.
version: 1.0.0

desc: Block requests with bodies greater than a specified size
description: |
  <div class="alert alert-warning">
    For security reasons we suggest enabling this plugin for any Service you add to Kong to prevent a DOS (Denial of Service) attack.
  </div>

  Block incoming requests whose body is greater than a specific size in megabytes.

>   <div class="alert alert-warning">
>     <strong>Note:</strong> The functionality of this plugin as bundled
>     with versions of Kong prior to 0.9.0
>     differs from what is documented herein. Refer to the
>     <a href="https://github.com/Kong/kong/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md">CHANGELOG</a>
>     for details.
>   </div>
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is about 0.9, I think we can drop this by now.

type: plugin
categories:
  - traffic-control

kong_version_compatibility:
    community_edition:
      compatible:
        - 2.2.x
        - 2.1.x
        - 2.0.x
        - 1.5.x
        - 1.4.x
        - 1.3.x
        - 1.2.x
        - 1.1.x
        - 1.0.x
        - 0.14.x
        - 0.13.x
        - 0.12.x
        - 0.11.x
        - 0.10.x
        - 0.9.x
        - 0.8.x
        - 0.7.x
        - 0.6.x
        - 0.5.x
        - 0.4.x
        - 0.3.x
    enterprise_edition:
      compatible:
        - 2.2.x
        - 2.1.x
        - 1.5.x
        - 1.3-x
        - 0.36-x
        - 0.35-x
        - 0.34-x
        - 0.33-x
        - 0.32-x
        - 0.31-x

params:
  name: request-size-limiting
  service_id: true
  route_id: true
  consumer_id: true
  protocols: ["http", "https"]
  dbless_compatible: yes
  config:
    - name: allowed_payload_size
      required: true
      default: "`128`"
      value_in_examples: 128
      description: Allowed request payload size in megabytes, default is `128` (128000000 Bytes)
    - name: size_unit
      required: true
      default: "`megabytes`"

>       description: Size unit can be set either in `bytes`, `kilobytes`, or `megabytes`. Note- this configuration is only supported in Kong Enterprise 1.3 and above, and may eventually extend to Kong Gateway

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: Size unit can be set either in `bytes`, `kilobytes`, or `megabytes`. Note- this configuration is not available in versions prior to Kong Enterprise 1.3 and Kong Gateway 2.0
```

This may need to be extended to other places

Author: Done in commit 1904a4

Author: Doc peer reviewers, please note that our product name variables do not work in most of the plugin template, especially the autogenerated sections like field params.
